Sophia, Zoe and Camille should be here soon.
Are you ready?
Oh, is everything okay?
No.
I really want Zoe's mom to say the Bible, but what if I mess up?
Or what if she asks questions I can't even answer?
What am I going to do?
Sometimes I get nervous too, but we don't have to worry.
Why not?
Well, think of the flowers we planted outside the house.
We planted all the bulbs, yeah, and then you watered them.
Just like flowers that have been planted, when we tell others about Jehovah, it's like
planting a little seed of truth.
And when you continue to teach them, it's like watering that seed.
But what makes the flowers grow?
Did you make it grow?
No, that's silly.
They need sunlight.
And who gives us sunlight?
Jehovah.
Oh, he makes it grow.
Yes, Jehovah is the one who makes a love for the truth, grow in a person's heart.
And he can do that for Zoe's mom.
Wow, they're here.
You know, I think we'll make a great team.
Thanks, mom.
I know we will, because we're working with Jehovah.